resume.markdown, before:

---
layout: resume
title: Kevin Watters Resume
---

# Kevin Watters

## senior software engineer

#### full-stack polyglot startup veteran

[kevinwatters@gmail.com](mailto:kevinwatters@gmail.com) - [github.com/kevinw](http://github.com/kevinw) - (585) 754-3475

## Experience

### Tagged, Inc.  (2011-2012)

__Senior Software Engineer, DevTools__

Worked in an internal strike team with Python, NodeJS, and PHP to bootstrap and provide tools and leadership for continuous delivery and TDD within the larger engineering organization.

__Senior Software Engineer, Games__

Spearheaded modern and lean Javascript with a homebrewed framework sharing code between the client and server, along with a highly scalable PHP backend, to deliver a social game to millions of users in record time--9 1/2 weeks.

### Digsby (2008-2011)

__Software Engineer/Startup Generalist__

Joined the startup [Digsby](http://www.digsby.com) at its inception, and worked with 6 others to develop a multiprotocol social networking and instant messaging desktop client from scratch.

Gained extensive Python and C++ experience delivering a new Windows WebKit port embedded in a highly usable and functional desktop app to hundreds of thousands of users.

## Education

Rochester Institute of Technology -- Rochester, NY

BS in Computer Science, Mathematics minor, May 2008

*References available upon request.*

Commit message:

resume update (from berlin, before my visa appt)

resume.markdown, after:

---
layout: resume
title: Kevin Watters Resume
---

# Kevin Watters

## game designer / senior software engineer

#### full-stack polyglot startup veteran

[kevinwatters@gmail.com](mailto:kevinwatters@gmail.com) - [kevinw.github.io/kevinw](http://github.com/kevinw)

## Experience

### Vessel (http://vessel.com) (2013-2014)

__Senior Software Engineer__

Fifth employee and second engineer in well funded video startup taking on YouTube in the independent short-form video space. Built AWS infrastructure, web services, and front-end client code for a large-scale video streaming site in months, using Python, Flask, ffmpeg, coffeescript, and ReactJS.

### WebGL Independent Contract Work (2013)

Created an interactive WebGL 3D experience for a client's presentation on their history and roadmap. Constructed a 3D landscape with signposts alongside a mountain road, so that the "journey" takes you to each stop along the company's history. Used Javascript and ThreeJS.

### Game Engineering Contract Work (2013)

Working in tandem with a game designer, engineered from scratch a prototype of a card battle game, using MOAI and Lua.

### Tagged, Inc.  (2011-2012)

__Senior Software Engineer, DevTools__

Worked in an internal strike team with Python, NodeJS, and PHP to bootstrap and provide tools and leadership for continuous delivery and TDD within the larger engineering organization.

__Senior Software Engineer, Games__

Spearheaded modern and lean Javascript with a homebrewed framework sharing code between the client and server, along with a highly scalable PHP backend, to deliver a social game to millions of users in record time--9 1/2 weeks.

### Digsby (2008-2011)

__Software Engineer/Startup Generalist__

Joined the startup [Digsby](http://www.digsby.com) at its inception, and worked with 6 others to develop a multiprotocol social networking and instant messaging desktop client from scratch.

Gained extensive Python and C++ experience delivering a new Windows WebKit port embedded in a highly usable and functional desktop app to hundreds of thousands of users.

## Education

Rochester Institute of Technology -- Rochester, NY

BS in Computer Science, Mathematics minor, May 2008

*References available upon request.*
